Archaic Petra

Flower of Life: Flower of Creviced Cliff
A flower born of the minerals and rocks of cliffside cracks. The way its petals blow in the wind makes it seem alive.

A flower that bloomed in a cliff's impregnable cleft.
It is an exquisite life shaped by the essence of Geo.
There is a folk saying that goes thus:
In times of yore, someone told the Lord of Geo that there was no life to be found in barren stone.
Thus did the Lord of Geo command flowers of purest gold to burst forth from the face of an uneven rock.
Perhaps the Geo Archon did once work such a great wonder,
Or perhaps this is but one of the many tales that shroud this ancient world.
But the prosperous harbor that grew out of the lifeless mountains,
And that braves the raging waves of the Sea of Clouds  
Perhaps that was the brilliant flower, after all.

Plume of Death: Feather of Jagged Peaks
A hard feather from a large seacliff hawk. The basalt tip of the feather sometimes glistens with a cool dew.

A feather left behind by the giant wings that flattened the mountains.
Though it has long turned moss-green, this feather remains sharp as a naked blade.
They say that in ancient times, when the world was in turmoil, Rex Lapis plucked mountains and turned them into huge birds of prey.
These birds were carved out of rock and jade, and they soared above the ground once they had taken shape.
Spiraling toward the heavens, they pierced through the clouds and flattened many stone peaks therein.
They say that these rock kites spread their wings and dived towards the ocean,
And they fell from the sky like comets,
Right into the heart of the sea, and the monsters within...
And they say that the pillars of stone that jut out from the ocean continue to attract birds to this day.

Sands of Eon: Sundial of Enduring Jade
A sundial carved from a single, large piece of jade. Its lined with a pattern that silently records the passage of time.

A sundial made using regal jade.
It silently pursues both time and tide.
Even rocks that have stood firm for time immemorial will eventually disintegrate over time, crumbling into dust and gravel.
Legend has it that the Lord of Geo once made the glittering stars of the earth into devices for telling time, all the better to teach the ancient humans about the value of every moment.
Over the passage of time, this sundial came to be the prized possession of Kunwu, who was then still a young scholar in training.
"When I was young, I dreamed of studying the classics and going to Sumeru to attain the greatest wisdom."
"Yet when gaining this dial, I played with and examined it for many long days, and could not find in it a single flaw."
"Thus I changed tacks and sought a master craftsman to learn a new trade, and thereby challenge the creator of this divine tool."

Goblet of Eonothem:Goblet of Chiseled Crag
A resplendent yet dignified wine goblet, once filled to the brim in an era long gone.

A vessel for wine carved from immovable rock.
It is said to be filled with the ambrosia of sovereigns.
It behooves basalt to be impregnable, and crystal to shine in its translucence.
Going incognito amongst mortals should be likewise, exquisite in its enjoyments.
Folk legend holds that in order to drink wine,
Rex Lapis brought forth bedrock,
And carved jade and lovely stone into a wine vessel for himself.
Some even say that there were once seven such vessels.

Circlet of Logos:Mask of Solitude Basalt
A solemn mask exquisitely carved from basalt. Its hollow eyes stare ahead expressionless and cold.

It is said that during the years when gods contended against one another, Rex Lapis' aspect was that of boundless slaughter.
In those god-eat-god battles, one could never have ascribed gentleness to him.
He knew right from wrong, and never missed his mark: in those days of tumult, he would show no mercy, even to friends-turned-foes.
Rex Lapis' stone-cold expression never once changed throughout that storied age.
They say that only when the dust settled did he lay down that unmovable visage.
But it had been necessary, for he had donned it to fulfill a contract.


