Wind-Riding Knight
On the path to Mondstadt, you inadvertently eavesdropped on a meeting between a huge dragon and a mysterious figure. As you proceeded with various doubts in mind, a perky young girl showed up to block your path.
Keep heading towards Mondstadt
Talk to the perky girl
???: May the Anemo God protect you,
Amber: I am Amber, Outrider for the Knights of Favonius.
Amber: You don't look like citizens of Mondstadt. Explain yourselves!
Paimon: We're not looking for trouble.
Amber: That's what all the troublemakers say
旅行者: Hello, I'm 旅行者.
Amber: ...Doesn't sound like a local name to me
Amber: And this... mascot, what's the deal with it?
旅行者: We're friends.
Paimon: We've only been traveling partners for two months, but...
Paimon: We've already become the very best of friends!
Amber: So to sum it up, you're traveling partners, right?
Amber: Well look, there's been a large dragon sighted around Mondstadt recently. Best you get inside the city as soon as possible.
Amber: It's not far from here, I'll escort you there.
Paimon: Oh? Aren't you out here for some other reason?
Amber: I am. But not to worry, I can keep you both safe while doing that too.
Amber: Besides... I'm still not sure if I can trust you two just yet!
旅行者: Why so suspicious?
Amber: Oh, ahh... I'm sorry. Probably not something I should say as a knight.
Amber: I give you my apologies, uh... strange yet... respectable travelers.
Paimon: That sounded so fake!
Amber: Do you have something against the type of language usage prescribed by the Knights of Favonius Handbook!?
Use Amber to defeat the airborne slimes
Go to the location designated by Amber
Amber: So, suspicious travelers, what are you doing in Mondstadt?
Paimon: 旅行者 got separated from her brother during a really, really long journey.
Paimon: Paimon is her travel buddy, helping her to find her brother.
Amber: Oh, looking for your family... Huh.
Amber: Ah...
Amber: Okay! Let me finish my other stuff first, and then I can help you put up posters around the city...
Paimon: What exactly is it you need to finish doing first?
Amber: It's simple. You'll understand in a bit.
