City of Freedom
With your help, the problem was resolved quickly. Ledby Amber, you reach the city of freedom C Mondstadt
Talk to Amber
Amber: Let me officially introduce the city of wind, dandelions, and freedom -
Amber: Travelers under the protection of the Knights of Favonius - Welcome to Mondstadt
Paimon: Finally, no more having to camp outdoors:
Paimon: But... the city folk don't look too cheery.
Amber: Everyone's been put out of place by Stormterror recently.
Amber: But everything will turn out fine as long as Jean's with us !
Paimon: Jean?
Amber: Acting Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius  Jean, Defender of Mondstadt.
Amber: With lean on our side, surely even the vicious Stormterror will be no match for us.
旅行者: (Sounds like someone pretty impressive...)
Amber: Before I take you guys to the Knightsof Favonius Headquarters, I have a present for you, 旅行者.
Amber: It's a reward for helping me clear out that hilichurl camp.
Paimon: He-Hey! Why doesn't Paimon get are ward?
Amber: Ahh... Because this reward is useless to you, Paimon.
Amber: But I'll treat you to a traditional Mondstadt delicacy - Sticky Honey Roast.
Paimon: Sticky Honey Roast!
Amber: Come with me, we'll head to the city's ahh... high ground.
Go to the location designated by Amber
Amber: This used to be a bustling street... But with so many Stormterror attacks recently, the usual crowds are nowhere to be seen.
Amber: Except for the local tavern near the city wall over there. They haven't been affected. If anything, their business is better than ever.
Talk to Amber
Amber: So, the present I want to give you is...
Amber: A Wind Glider!
Amber: Outriders use them to ride the wind, and the people of Mondstadt love using them too.
Amber: I brought you here to give it to you so you can experience it right away!
Paimon: Oh, you're really excited about these wind gliders, huh!.
Amber: Well that's because the wind is the heart and soul of Mondstadt!
Amber: Alrighty then, enough talk! Let's give it a whirl!
Amber: It's easy to use, but you still need to pay attention to my instructions.
Meet Amber at the fountain plaza
