Knights of Favonius
You repelled Stormterror with some difficulty. Kaeya of the Knights of Favonius witnessed the battle, and you were invited to make a trip to the Knights headquarters.
Enter the Knights of Favonius Headquarters
Talk to Jean
Kaeya: ...And once it was over I brought them straight here.
Jean: Mondstadt welcomes you, windborne travelers.
Jean: I am Jean, Acting Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius. This is Lisa, our resident Librarian.
Lisa: Oh! Are you sweeties here to help us out?
Lisa: You're both so adorable!
Lisa: Sadly, the timing is regrettable...
Lisa: Stormterror has caused quite a ruckus in the region since its recent resurgence.
Lisa: Simply put, Mondstadt's elemental sphere and ley lines are now akin to a yarn ball in the paws of a kitten.
Lisa: For a mage, it couldn't get much worse. My skin is one elemental particle away from a full-blown breakout.
Jean: If it weren't for this interference, the Knights of Favonius would have better ways to help you than just putting up missing person posters.
Jean: We simply ask that you repose in Mondstadt while we help you seek out your brother.
旅行者: I really should help out as well.
Paimon: Paimon will help too!
Kaeya: Good. In that case we need a plan.
Jean: With Stormterror now directly attacking Mondstadt, we may have an opportunity to cut this problem off at the source.
Jean: Lisa has revealed the sources of Stormterror's power with her detection magic
Kaeya: Is that so?
Lisa: They're located in the abandoned Four Winds' Temples.
Lisa: Stormterror's ability to whip up these kinds of storms can be attributed to it drawing power from the temples.
Jean: Our objective is to deal with three of the four temples.
Jean: I trust everyone understands why we are only dealing with three.
Paimon: Paimon doesn't.
旅行者: It must be a local thing...
Jean: Knights of Favonius, time is against us.
Jean: The storm is rampant. There is no point in maintaining a defensive position.
Jean: Alright. We need to take initiative and act before the situation escalates.
