State of the Holy Lyre der Himmel
After a fierce battle, you managed to seize the Holy Lyre der Himmel back from the hands of the Fatui. For some reason, Venti seems to express a great nostalgia for the Lyre...
Bring the Holy Lyre back to the tavern
Talk to Venti
Venti: Welcome back!
Venti: Ah, this is the Holy Lyre! You managed to retrieve it!
Venti: The pattern of flowing wind carved on the rosewood... and the strings still feel cool to the touch too. Oh, the memories...
Jean: What do you think, Venti? Can you summon Dvalin?
Venti: Although this lyre is the real thing, I doubt that it's going to work.
Venti: As you can see, the lyre has been through a thousand years of history. Its Anemo power has run dry.
Venti: In this condition, you couldn't play music fit for even Diluc's tavern with it...
Diluc: Bards fight to get on the stage of my tavern. Don't make assumptions!
Paimon: Is that really important right now, Master Diluc!?
Paimon: And you - did you just borrow the Holy Lyre to play music for drunkards to hear?
Venti: Hehe.
Paimon: What do you mean "hehe"!?
Venti: Anyway, we won't be able to call Dvalin with it.
Venti: The lyre itself is fine, but the strings...
Venti: You're up, outlander!
旅行者: Are you talking about me?
Venti: Relax! It's not broken.
Venti: It's just that the intensity of its Anemo power has greatly diminished.
Venti: 旅行者, do you still have Dvalin's Teardrop Crystal with you? 
Use Dvalin's Teardrop Crystal on the Holy Lyre
Talk to Jean
Venti: It worked, as expected
Jean: This youthful glow...
Paimon: Praising yourself? Really?
Jean: ...I was talking about the Holy Lyre.
Venti: Thanks to 旅行者 having purified the crystal, the Holy Lyre won't continue to lose power.
Venti: That said, its power is far from replenished. It'd be great if we could get more tears.
旅行者: We'll help.
Paimon: How can we gather more?
Venti: I can surmise that Dvalin will already be crying...
Venti: Suffering alone in some deserted place...
Jean: Dvalin...
Paimon: Poor baby...
Jean: This is not something that an Honorary Knight can accomplish alone. I will mobilize the rest of the knights to assist.
Jean: When you get the Teardrop Crystal, please let 旅行者 perform the purification process.
旅行者: Leave it to me.
Venti: Heroes supporting each other and setting out on a journey together...How exciting!
Venti: Lemme come up with a song for you...
Paimon: Is that all you're going to do? Just sing?
Venti: Wouldn't be much of a bard if I didn't now, would I?
Paimon: Hmph. You're so cheeky... You deserve an ugly nickname.
Paimon: Oh, Paimon knows! From now on, you'll be known as "Tone-Deaf Bard"!
