Fallen Tears
The Holy Lyre is in poor condition, but you manage to restore some of its Anemo power by using Dvalin's tears. To restore its full power, you will need to look for more tears.
Go to the Thousand Winds Temple
Diluc: This search reminds me of a feud I once had with the Fatui.
Diluc: Six months ago, a thief stole treasure from the East Temple of the Four Winds.
Paimon: Whoa. What was it? A cup used by Barbatos?
Diluc: No. Although if such a thing existed, it would be very valuable.
Diluc: Among all the relics they managed to dig up, one particular object was very rare...
Diluc: It was a vial which contained the Anemo God's breath.
Paimon: Relics come in every shape and form huh...
Diluc: Anyone with an eye for fine art would like to add this relic to their collection.
Diluc: Once word got out, the Fatui started trying to seek it out as well.
Diluc: They've made tons of counterfeits that can be found everywhere.
Diluc: In response, I just bought everyone I could find, irrespective of its authenticity. We're still at it now.
Diluc: I've bought more than two thousand fakes to date, and the Fatui are yet to find the real one.
Paimon: Whoa. You guys are insane...
Paimon: So, it means that the real one must be out there somewhere on the black market, right?
Paimon: Hmmm... Paimon'll give you a discount on them if she finds any -cause Paimon's just great like that!
Diluc: Sure, you can try to find the real one. I'll take what you find, even if they're fake.
Diluc: Once you're done, find me at the winery. I'll trade you a beer for every 20 you find.
Defeat the monsters guarding the ruin to complete the challenge
Obtain Dvalin's Tear
Paimon: Paimon didn't think we'd find Dvalin's tears in a place like this.
Jean: As knights, we are taught to hone our investigative skills.
Paimon: Wow! Very impressive!
Jean: In my experience, the secret to finding what you are looking for is to never look for it in the first place.
Jean: Don't think too much about it and don't search too hard... and before you know it, what you are looking for will appear right before your very eyes.
Paimon: What?
Jean: Don't worry about it too much. The more flustered you become, the less likely you are to find it.
Jean: Pay attention to what you see in your peripheral vision, and you might just stumble upon what you're looking for.
Paimon: I don't know... It doesn't sound like that would work...
Jean: No, seriously, it does though. In fact, it's how I used to find my tortoise whenever he went missing.
Paimon: ...Wait - you had a pet tortoise!?
Jean: Yes, why? Something wrong, Paimon?
Paimon: No, it's... uh, well, just surprising is all.
Jean: Why?
Paimon: Paimon can't imagine Jean having a pet tortoise. Surely you find it hard to imagine too, Master Diluc?
Diluc: No, I don't.
Diluc: I had one too when I was a kid. What's so strange about it?
Paimon: What? You too!?

