Crystal Tears
After completing the retrieval of the tears, you meet up with the rest of the group.
Go to Dawn Winery
Talk to Jean
Paimon: Woohoo!
Paimon: Dvalin Protection Squad! Assemble!
Venti: Let's put our crystals together.
Venti: Oh...
Venti: The color of these crystals looks... muddy.
Venti: Dvalin... You're going through so much pain.
Venti: ...Let's start purifying these crystals first. Please, 旅行者.
Jean: It is hard to believe such a thing is possible, until you've seen it with your own eyes.
Diluc: Interesting. It's like filtering wine. The process is... refreshing.
Venti: I think we should have enough tears now. So next we...
Use Dvalin's Tear on the Holy Lyre
Paimon: It worked!
Jean: It seems completely different from before.
Venti: The lyre's Anemo power seems fully restored. We should be able to use it now.
Venti: It's all thanks to you, 旅行者.
Jean: Now, where should we summon Stormterror?
Jean: It must be away from the city, else there will be casualties should we fail.
Jean: Perhaps here at the winery...
Diluc: If the winery was destroyed, it's not something I couldn't eventually fix, but... I'd still rather not go through the hassle.
Jean: ...
Venti: The wind that blows at sea or in high places should be able to carry a bard's words far away.
Venti: It's never going to work if the air is too dry or suffocating.
Paimon: Paimon understands. Sea or high places, right?
Paimon: Then the best location to play the lyre would be...
旅行者: A cliff?
Diluc: If you go east from Star fell Lake, there are mountains south of the beach.
Paimon: Oh! You mean that beach you were snoring away on and Paimon had to wake you?
Diluc: If you head to where the cliff juts out - that place is known as Star snatch Cliff.
Diluc: What do you think, bard? Meets the requirements, no?
Venti: Lemme think... Star snatch Cliff...
Venti: ...Alright, let's do it there.
Jean: Very well. Then let's meet at Star snatch Cliff when we are ready
Jean: Please don't be late.
Paimon: Hee-hee! Yes, Ma'am!
Jean: Ah, sorry. I didn't mean to...
