Reunion With the Dragon
Dvalin's tears restored the Holy Lyre back to its full power. Now, you are finally ready to purify Stormterror.
Go to Star snatch Cliff
Talk to Venti
Diluc: Everyone is finally here.
Paimon: What a view...
Venti: Lovely for a fated reunion, isn't it?
Venti: Well, we must be prepared for a fight.
Jean: Regardless of the outcome, things finally seem to be taking a turn for the better.
Jean: Mondstadt has really been going through so much recently...
Diluc: Huh! In the end, the solution to our problem was as simple as a traveler and a song.
Diluc: I suppose the Knights of Favonius may have played a part in it too...
Venti: Oh, we get it, Master Diluc... Everyone, please step aside!
Venti: l, the best wandering bard of the mortal world, shall begin my performance with the Holy Lyre. 
As your conversation with Dvalin reaches a critical moment, an Abyss Mage suddenly appears and bewitches the dragon. Blinded by his hatred for Mondstadt, Dvalin takes flight and departs in a rage.
Jean: Barbat- Venti, please, be careful...
Venti: Hehe... You've known my true identity for some time now, haven't you Jean?
Venti: Though, I thank you for continuing to use the name Venti.
Diluc: How's the Holy Lyre?
Diluc: Can it still be played? Or does it need to be repaired?
Venti: Wow...
Venti: Unfortunately, I think it's beyond repair...
ÂÃÐÐÕß: We can't let this Abyss Mage get away!
Diluc: You're right. If we don't fight the evil at its source, then we can't save Dvalin at all.
Jean: In which case I shall call upon Outrider Amber to track it down...
Diluc: No need.
Jean: Why is that?
Diluc: I eradicated one not long ago, in one of the Four Winds' temples.
Paimon: What!? When...?
Diluc: If you want to track those monsters down, then I'll seek answers from my contacts. I've got other means for getting the job done.
Paimon: Diluc...
Paimon: Though he dislikes the Knights of Favonius, he protects Mondstadt in his own way.
Venti: Ooh? Why does our little Paimon sound so doting all of a sudden?
Diluc: Hmph.
Diluc: Wait for my word.
Diluc: I'll be sure to let the Abyss Order know that their blatant disregard for Mondstadt...
Diluc: ...will not go unpunished.
