That Green Fellow
As you were heading out to investigate, you happened upon the mysterious guy that you saw talking to the dragon.
Find the Green Fellow
Listen to the Bard's performance
Talk to the mysterious bard
Green Fellow: Wait, you guys are...
Green Fellow: Oh, that's right! You're the ones that scared Dvalin away.
Paimon: Dvalin? Who's that?
旅行者: That's Stormterror's real name.
Paimon: Huh? ...Oh, right. Most people seem to call him "Stormterror.
Paimon: Why do you call him that... are you two meant to be close or something?
Green Fellow: Oh, so close...
Paimon: Hey, 旅行者. Paimon thinks this guy has a screw loose...
旅行者: Ahh... hi.
Green Fellow: Good day, outlander. Seems we meet again.
Venti: I'm Venti the bard.
Venti: Three-time winner of the "Most Popular Bard of Mondstadt," to be precise.
Venti: So, what do you need from me?
Paimon: Given you recognize us, Paimon doesn't believe we need to explain any further.
Paimon: Of course it's about Stormterror.
Venti: Storm...?
Paimon: Hey! Cut it with the amnesia act!
Paimon: 旅行者, show it to him.
You show the crystal to Venti...
Venti: Oh! Isn't this
Paimon: What!? The crystal has been purified!? When?
旅行者: Not sure how this happened
Venti: Dvalin, he...
Venti: The anguish he feels... has brought him to tears...
Paimon: Tears...?
Venti hands you another Teardrop Crystal, and you purify it for all to see...
Paimon: Ehhhh!?
Venti: You... really do have some wonderful abilities...
Venti: Someone like you is going to end up getting written into a bard's poem.
Venti: Oh, a hero so bright, should she stand in the light. Though stand in the shade, and you'll be met by a blade...
Venti: Alas... I've really not the time to compose a melody for you at this moment.
Venti: Anyway, even if Dvalin is not taken down, his life will still wither away in the breeze...
Venti: He'll burn himself out in the flames of anger...
旅行者: I also feel sorry for Dvalin.
Venti: Thank you for that, and you for purifying the Teardrop Crystal.
Venti: But I have my own plans for what is to follow.
Paimon: Oh? And what plan would that be?
Venti: Seeing this tear has brought to mind a friend so dear.
Paimon: Friend?
Venti: Heh-heh, one must be going.
Paimon: Hey! Where're you running off to!?
Venti: To the "Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero." Bye-bye
Paimon: Huh... 旅行者, what do you make of that?
旅行者: This "weirdo" as you put it - we need to keep an eye on him...
Paimon: As far as he's concerned, you're a weirdo too ya know...
旅行者: You know..
Paimon: Know what?
旅行者: His voice seems familiar...
Paimon: Familiar? I don't know... You're alone on that one...
Paimon: But did he just say "Symbol of Mondstadt's Heroes"? What could that be?
Paimon: Oh, Paimon knows! It's that huge tree.
Paimon: You know, the gigantic one! You can't miss it, surely you still remember!
