Wild Escape
Venti's plan to steal the Holy Lyre went off without a hitch. Well, almost C when the Lyre was almost in your hands, a stranger stole it from under your noses. Your movements alerted the guards, forcing you to flee the Cathedral.
Escape the Cathedral
Use the wind currents to get far away from the Cathedral
Hide in the tavern
Talk to Diluc
Charles: Master Diluc, this is this week's accounts.
Diluc: Hmm... The disaster has greatly affected business.
Charles: Well, let's hope it all ends soon.
Venti: Hi, we'd like a seat at your, uhh... least conspicuous table.
Diluc: Umm... The second floor has fewer customers. You'd be less conspicuous up there...
Diluc: But aren't you a bard? Why not sit front and center?
Venti: Hahaha, let's save the paid performance for next time. We'll be heading up now, see you in a bit!
Diluc: Hey, keep an eye on them. There's something strange about that bard. I'll go ask around.
Charles: Ask who exactly?
Diluc: The "protectors" of Mondstadt...
Hide on the second floor of the tavern
Otto: Ah, Master Diluc. Have you seen two thieves around?
Diluc: What happened? Why have you mobilized so many guards?
Miles: Haven't you heard, Master Diluc? Two thieves were trying to steal the Holy Lyre!
Diluc: Oh? How odd.
Miles: Isn't it? The Holy Lyre is a treasure that was played by the God of Anemo themselves. Such a precious piece of cultural heritage一
Diluc: Why would one want to steal something they can't sell off? Would pay better to steal from my cellars...
Otto: Huh?
Diluc: Sorry, off topic. Believe they headed that way.
Miles: Understood. Thank you, Master Diluc!
Answer Diluc's questions
Venti: Today I think I'll have a glass of...
Diluc: You can put down that bottle you stole from behind the counter.
Venti: ...something cold.
Diluc: Right. I want answers.
Venti: Lemme finish my drink first? I'll pay you - well, with a
Diluc: It's not about money. You seem too young to be drinking
Venti: No need to worry. When I started drinking, you were still-
旅行者: How about answering my question first?
Venti: Oh, you wanna ask "Who's this?" Am I right?
Venti: He is Master Diluc, the boss of... ah, the owner of this tavern.
Venti: He's very famous. By the way, his dandelion wine is one of my favorites
Venti: Though most of the time I can only afford a bottle or two...
Diluc: I just heard about some thieves from the guards.
Diluc: For the record, I like your guts for trying to steal the Holy Lyre der Himmel.
Diluc: Even if you are fools... but we don't often get to see people like you.
Paimon: It wasn't us that stole it! The real thief is still out there!
Venti: This is the hotshot of the Knights of Favonius. Why would someone so aspiring steal Mondstadt's sacred treasure?
Diluc: Hotshot...? h, so it's you.
Diluc: So, you and the bard are close friends?
旅行者: We're not close, actually.
Diluc: Well... Despite only being a passing traveler, you still offered yourhelp to Mondstadt in its time of need.
Diluc: A shame you joined the Knights.
Diluc: The Knights of Favonius... Inefficient right from beginning to end.
Diluc: And towards the Fatui? Weak and conservative.
Diluc: Forget it. I don't feel like talking about it.
Venti: Seems you don't really like the Knights of Favonius.
Diluc: Just differences in approach is all.
Diluc: I have my own hopes for this city
Diluc: Now, answers. Why did you steal the Holy Lyre?
Venti: You sure you want to know? It could implicate you in the affairs of the Knights of Favonius.
Diluc: That's fine. I somehow always end up implicated in their affairs.
Venti: If I tell you the story with a performance, will you believe me?
Diluc: It depends. I'll make my own judgment.
Venti: Then will I get paid?
Diluc: Your reward will range from anywhere between five Mora and the Holy Lyre. It all depends on your story.
Venti: Very well. Let me put on a show...
You listen to Venti sing the song about the dragon once more...
Diluc: What did I just witness...
Diluc: This is confidential information. Why did you let me know?
Venti: Why? Hmm... Perhaps the winds are changing.
Venti: What say you, Master Diluc?
Diluc: Interesting.
Diluc: Give me some time. I'll organize some contacts.
Diluc: Outlander, as one of the Knights, it seems you're not a suspect.
Diluc: Blonde is the only description on the wanted poster. You should be safe.
Diluc: As for the bard however, it'd be better if you stayed in the tavern.
Venti: Haha. No problem! I like taverns.
Diluc: ...
Diluc: Okay. Let's meet here tonight after the tavern closes.
