Calm Before the Storm
The three light seals have each been broken by you in their turn, and the path to the decisive showdown is open. You once again return to the lair's entrance to put an end to things.
Activate the seal at the entrance
Go back to the top of the tower
Venti: I'm thinking about turning these adventures into songs after we're done...
旅行者: Well, we certainly have gone through quite a lot recently.
Venti: Hopefully, this song will be sung for years to come by the people of Mondstadt, just like The Legend of Vennessa.
Jean: I have loved that song since I was small
Jean: How are you feeling today 旅行者?
Jean: I am completely prepared and fully confident that we can do this.
旅行者: You're so reliable, Master Jean.
Paimon: Even Master Diluc accompanied us to the very end.
Paimon: Despite only being an accidentally involved...
Paimon: ...Bystander.
Diluc: You shared your secret with me, and I only returned your trust to the same extent.
旅行者: So "trust" is what drove Master Diluc here.
Paimon: As for Master Jean... "responsibility" perhaps?
Paimon: What about the Tone-Deaf Bard?
Venti: It's "freedom".
Paimon: Freedom...?
Venti: When you first arrived at Mondstadt, did no one tell you that Mondstadt is the City of Freedom?
旅行者: Amber...
Venti: Hahaha... She really is a child of freedom!
Venti: Mondstadt is a romantic city, without the reign of a king.
Venti: And its citizens enjoy the most freedom amongst the seven nations.
Venti: I hope the dragon that once protected Mondstadt will soon be free too...
Venti: No one should have deceived him by telling him that Mondstadt betrayed him.
Venti: And no one should have told him that it was his eternal duty to protect the city.
Venti: He has the right and freedom to choose his own way of life.
Paimon: Venti...
Venti: Well then, 旅行者, may the thousands of years of wind that have blown through Mondstadt go with you.
Venti: Just like the last time, I shall channel Anemo energy for you.
旅行者: ..."Last time"?
Paimon: Oh! No wonder 旅行者 said his voice sounds familiar!
