When the Wind Dies Down
You finally managed to save Dvalin. Is this where the story of the wind ends?
Talk to Amber
Amber: You guys are back! The Honorary Knight returns triumphant!
Paimon: Yup, 旅行者's back from tussling with Dvalin!
Amber: You just returned yesterday, right? Jean got back first, and she told us all about your heroic deeds.
Amber: *sigh* I wonder if I'll ever get an opportunity like that...
旅行者: All thanks to your referral.
Amber: That doesn't come into it. You guys deserve all the credit for how you resolved this crisis.
Amber: When I brought you into the city that day, I was just doing my duty as an Outrider.
Paimon: You're welcome! ...But, have you been waiting for us here this whole time?
Amber: Of course not! Just because I'm not out on the front line doesn't mean I don't have work to do... In fact, I'm dealing with the aftermath of the crisis as we speak.
Paimon: Aftermath? Here? What happened in Mondstadt?
Amber: While Master Jean was away, the monsters lurking nearby made a coordinated attack on the city.
Amber: Fortunately, we weren't completely taken by surprise. I detected the hilichurls were moving closer to the city a while back.
Paimon: Oh yeah! Paimon remembers. When we first met, you were clearing out one of their camps...
Amber: Exactly. And if we hadn't started making preparations back then, Mondstadt would be in much greater danger by now.
旅行者: Glad you held them off.
Amber: Me too. But I have a strange feeling that we're not out of the woods yet...
Amber: Hilichurls aren't usually capable of coordinating like this...
Amber: Our best guess is that the Abyss Order is behind it.
Paimon: They've taken over the hilichurls? Hmm... Good thing we saved Dvalin, or they might've taken him, too...
Amber: That's right. And since I'm the Outrider, it's up to me to keep eyes on the Abyss Order from now on.
Amber: Ugh, I'm sorry. You should be celebrating your victory, not listening to all this somber talk!
Amber: Hmm... I promised to take you out for some Sticky Honey Roast. didn't l? Before everyone got caught up in the Stormterror crisis.
Amber: There's no time like the present, right? You guys hungry?
Paimon: You bet! You may have forgotten till just now, but it's been on Paimon's mind this whole time!
Amber: Awesome, let's go! It's been way too long since I last ate a Sticky Honey Roast myself.
Amber: Wait for me at Good Hunter. I'll be right there, I just have to cleanup here real quick.
Chat with the locals (Cyrus)
Cyrus: Here we go! This is it!
Cyrus: Crisis! Danger! The thrill of adventure!!!
Cyrus: Adventurers' Guild! Finally, our days of rescuing kittens and finding lost puppies are over! The age of adventure is upon us!
Cyrus: Roll up, youngsters, join the Adventurers' Guild today! In this time of great upheaval, we must rally together, take on the dragon, and save our great city of Mondstadt!
旅行者: Yeah, about that...
Cyrus: ...What!? WHAT!?
Cyrus: The Stormterror threat is resolved? I missed the Acting Grand Master's speech?
Cyrus: ...
Cyrus: ...Bah! Stormterror should have put up more of a fight! We didn't get to join in...
Chat with the locals (Nimrod)
Nimrod: Long live the heroes! Thank you, it's finally over.
Nimrod: Many trade routes have closed due to the Stormterror incident. We can cope for now without fresh fruit and vegetables... But if the wine supply dries up, we're all doomed!
Nimrod: I cannot imagine a world without wine.
Nimrod: I hope they get the trade routes back up and running soon.
Chat with the locals (Grace)
Grace: So, Stormterror's true identity is Dvalin - one of the Four Winds! We never should've forgotten his past sacrifice for Mondstadt.
Grace: Every cloud has a silver lining - we're fortunate that our relationship with the Dragon of the East didn't sour past the point of no return.
Grace: For that, we have you to thank. And Jean, for her unfailing devotion.
Grace: As long as we have the Knights of Favonius, peace and freedom will prevail in Mondstadt.
Go to Good Hunter
Sara: Greetings, may I take your order?
Kaeya: Why so cold? I've always thought that we enjoy quite the intimate friendship.
旅行者: Oh hey, I didn't see you there...
Kaeya: Hahaha... It seems your great battle sharpened not only your combats kills but your wit as well. A knight after my own heart.
Kaeya: To bask in the presence of Mondstadt's new big hero is quite the morale boost. And that's coming from a knight.
Paimon: Sweet-talking sugar-coated Captain Kaeya...
Kaeya: Haha, nonsense! I speak from the heart.
旅行者: What are you doing here?
Kaeya: Just looking for a quiet spot to collect my thoughts.
Paimon: While all the other knights are working hard to clean up after the battle...
Kaeya: Thinking can be an arduous task, you know. Believe me, I'd much rather be taking out the trash.
Paimon: So, what cha thinkin' about, then?
Kaeya: The Abyss Order
Kaeya: A dragon wreaks havoc in Mondstadt, and the Acting Grand Master leaves the city to combat the threat. Strategically, that's the perfect moment for the Abyss Order to make their move.
Kaeya: If you were the Abyss Order, would you squander this golden opportunity by sending in nothing more than a few hilichurls?
旅行者: You're right, it doesn't add up.
Kaeya: To get to the bottom of it, I decided to wait. So I waited, and watched for their next move.
Kaeya: Then came the day you made all hell break loose in Stormterror's Lair, just as the hilichurls' cries sounded from the city gates...
Kaeya: That same day, I saw shadowy figures lurking in the city itself
Paimon: Inside the city!?
Kaeya: Well, all the other knights were outside, fighting the enemy. As you can imagine, that left the inside of the city completely unguarded.
Kaeya: Except for me, of course. And so I approached the Abyss Order infiltrators for a bit of... hmm, let's call it fraternizing.
Kaeya: Through various means, I managed to gather some rather interesting intel.
Kaeya: The situation is this: The Abyss Order... they are united under a single leader.
Paimon: The Abyss Order has a leader?
Kaeya: Yes. And it was this very leader who devised the plot to turn Dvalin into a weapon of war.
Paimon: What exactly did you have to do to find this out!?
Kaeya: Hehehe... Let's just say I'm blessed with certain linguistic powers.
Kaeya: There's more... The Abyss Order has a name for this leader... They call him "The Prince."
旅行者: Prince...
Kaeya: Now, I'm sorry to cut this intelligence briefing short, but I do believe I spy Amber heading this way...
Kaeya: I think she's still angry with me for my absence from the defense effort during the attack... I'd better slip away before she notices me.
Amber: One minute I see Kaeya, the next he's slipped away! Clear sign of a guilty conscience...
旅行者: He does a lot behind the scenes...
Amber: Are you sure? Because that sounds like exactly what he'd say to talk himself out of trouble...
Amber: But let's forget about him. I worked super hard today and my tummy's rumbling. Let's order!
Amber: Hi Sara! One Sticky Honey Roast, please...
Take a seat by Amber
Talk to Amber
Amber: So. Now the Stormterror threat is behind us, what are your plans for the next step?
Paimon: Paimon thinks it's time to leave Mondstadt, and keep looking through the seven nations until we find clues about her brother.
Amber: Huh, really? Oh... Well, I guess this is goodbye for now...
旅行者: I will miss Mondstadt.
Amber: Hey, don't feel down! You'll always be a friend of the Knights of Favonius and our Honorary Knight. Wherever you may go, and wherever the wind may blow.
旅行者: Let the Wind lead!
Amber: That's the spirit! Remember, Mondstadt will always welcome you.
Amber: Alright, now let's eat before it gets cold!
Paimon: Mmm, that was goooood! Note to Paimon, Amber's recommendations are worth the wait!
Amber: Of course! While I don't trust myself in the kitchen, you can always trust me with the menu!
Amber: Oh, I almost forgot to mention...
Amber: Jean's waiting for you at the Cathedral. It's something to do with the Holy Lyre der Himmel... You'd better head there now.
