Ending Note
Amber says that Jean is waiting for you at the Cathedral. Apparently, it's something to do with the Holy Lyre der Himmel...
Meet Jean and Venti at the Cathedral
Jean: This is Barbara, the Deaconess of the Church. She is here to retrieve the Holy Lyre der Himmel.
Barbara: May the Anemo Archon protect you.
Barbara: I'm not really in a position to speak compared to our Acting Grand Master...
Barbara: But I still want to thank you all on behalf of all of Mondstadt for your assistance!
Barbara: Fortunately, everything was resolved peacefully... I can't imagine how an all-out war between the military and the dragon would have ended.
Jean: Now the Fatui have no choice but to keep their mouths shut.
Jean: They must be annoyed that things didn't turn out as planned for them
Jean: This time, they even lost their best excuse to pressure the Knights of Favonius.
Jean: Diplomatically speaking, they gained nothing, and on the contrary simply proved just how vexatious they can be.
Barbara: Sounds like quite the story. So, did you bring the Holy Lyre with you?
Barbara: We cannot ask you to keep defending the lyre forever. The Seneschal has been pressing me for a while now...
Paimon: We ahh... did bring it with us... Ummm... It's just... it's a little.
Barbara: Oh, don't worry! I'm not here to collect rent! The Church has always received special funding...
Give the Holy Lyre der Himmel to Barbara. The sight of the badly damaged Holy Lyre causes the pious Barbara to panic
Venti sees no choice but to use a magical illusion to "fix" the lyre, and the rest of you quietly leave the Cathedral before Barbara has the chance to see through it. But just outside the Cathedral, Fatui Harbinger Signora appears, steals Venti's Gnosis, knocks you unconscious, and hastily departs
Talk to Barbara
Barbara: Ah! Honorary Knight, you're awake!
旅行者: Venti... is he alright?
Barbara: Um... I wouldn't say he's "alright," exactly.
Barbara: I found you lying unconscious outside the Cathedral, and used my elemental powers to heal you....
Barbara: That bard awakened first, but strangely, my healing powers had almost no effect on him...
Barbara: This is the first time I've encountered such a patient. But he just said "it's completely normal," and then got up and left the Cathedral...Paimon: He left? Already? Where'd he go?
Barbara: The Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero, that's what he said.
Barbara: I wanted to stop him, but Jean- I mean, Master Jean said to let him leave. How strange.
旅行者: (I think I understand...)
Paimon: Paimon remembers Venti healing under that tree before.
Paimon: (lt's probably due to the connection between Windrise and the Anemo Archon. Master Jean has figured it out as well, but we can't tell Barbara...)
Find Venti at Windrise
Venti: The wind amongst the branches is good, I love the way it smells...
Venti: Haha, I said the exact same thing the last time. *sigh* Why do I only say these things when I'm down on my luck?
旅行者: So... what is a Gnosis?
Venti: Ah, so you noticed
Venti: *sigh* This isn't something I'm meant to discuss with ordinary people. But I suppose I can let you in on the secret.
Venti: As you know, Visions are external magical foci that only a small minority of people possess. They use these Visions to channel elemental power.
Venti: In truth, every wielder of a Vision is one who can attain godhood and ascend to Celestia. We call such people allogenes.
Paimon: Allogenes? Paimon's never heard of them before.
Venti: Hehe, that's because this is a secret that only archons are privy to.
We don't need primitive tools like Visions.
Venti: Instead, each archon has an internal magical focus that resonates directly with Celestia itself... known as a Gnosis.
旅行者: What about the thing hanging off your hip?
Venti: Eh-he. It's just a glowing glass ball I carry around to avoid suspicion.
旅行者: Huh...
Paimon: So who was that nasty woman who sent Paimon flying and stole your Gnosis?
Venti: Her name is Signora, No. 8 of the harbingers.
Venti: She and the rest of the harbingers have been given god-like executive authority by the Tsaritsa of Snezhnaya, and with it, strength surpassing that of other mortals.
Paimon: The Tsaritsa of Snezhnaya? Isn't that...Venti: Indeed. She is one of The Seven, the Tsaritsa who reigns from the Zapolyarny Palace, and the one person that the Fatui Harbingers all answer to.
Venti: The Seven don't always get along well, but still - I never thought that she would plot to steal another archon's Gnosis...
旅行者: What sort of god is the Tsaritsa?
Venti: Ah... How should I put this?
Venti: Five hundred years ago, I knew her well. But I can't say the same is true now.
Venti: You see, a certain catastrophe happened five hundred years ago, and after that, she cut off all ties with me.
Venti: But we can save discussion of the Cryo Archon and the Fatui for another day.
Venti: 旅行者, if you seek the rest of The Seven, many difficulties lie ahead of you still.
Venti: You should head for Mondstadt's neighboring nation of Liyue. The Geo Archon who reigns there, unlike me, administrates his entire region personally.
Venti: He only descends once every year to give his divine predictions, which set the direction for Liyue for the rest of that year.
Paimon: Even so, it sounds like he works much harder than a certain someone.
Venti: Eh-he?
Venti: ...In any case, this year's Rite of Descension is soon to begin. If you miss it, you'll just have to wait another year.
Paimon: WHAT!? Why didn't you tell us before? Well then bye. 旅行者.
we're going
Venti: One moment, Windborne Outlander.
旅行者: You mean me?
Venti: Yup.
Venti: Traveler, as you set off on your journey once again, you must remember that the journey itself has meaning.
Venti: The birds of Teyvat, the songs and the cities, the Tsaritsa, her Fatui and the monsters... they are all part of your journey.
Venti: The destination is not everything. So before you reach the end, keep your eyes open. Use the chance to take in the world around you...
旅行者: Venti...
Venti: Great. So that's that for the Anemo Archon's admonishments! Back to Venti Time!
Venti: If you want to chat, now's the time - a bard stays not always in a single clime.
旅行者: About Dvalin...
Venti: Up till the end, Dvalin remembered his duty as one of the Four Winds.
Venti: As such, I don't intend to forcibly strip him of that duty and force my ideals of freedom onto him.
Venti: I just hope that Dvalin will be able to choose for himself and understand what freedom is.
Venti: Before I became an archon, I too was taught the meaning of freedom in this way by a friend.
