The Realm Within
After identifying Rex Lapis' preferred scent, Zhonglisends you to Yujing Terrace to seek out an old friend of his, Madame Ping, and borrow a certain Cleansing Bell. Strange... Zhongli seems to be avoiding his old friend...

Talk to Madame Ping
Madame Ping: All things must change...
旅行者: How do you do?
Madame Ping: Mm? Youngster, are you here to admire the flowers?
Madame Ping: But it's a shame. These Glaze Lilies have almost all wilted...
Paimon: What happened to them?
Madame Ping: Back in my day, people said that Glaze Lilies can read human hearts.
Madame Ping: If they heard beautiful sounds like laughter and singing, they would also bloom joyfully.
Madame Ping: But if they heard too much wild gossip or slander, they would quickly wither away.
Paimon: ...So that means these flowers feel what's happening in Liyue.
Madame Ping: Yes, the rumors of Rex Lapis death are no small matter. They are everywhere.
Madame Ping: Some say it was a Fatui plot.Others say that the Qixing made it all up, and still others think that That Which Lies in the Deep is breaking free.
Madame Ping: This harbor is like a mountain ofdry tinder. One spark and the fire will consume us all.
Madame Ping: ...Well, I shall say no more. This old woman's grown too old and naggy... Did you have something to say, youngster?
旅行者: We'd like to borrow the Cleansing Bell.
Madame Ping: Ah, that old trinket... I remember it being here with me, but I've grown old. I can't quite recall where it is (?)
Madame Ping: An old friend of mine used to wear it on his person, back when I was young...
Madame Ping: He saw me gazing at it often and gave it to me.
Madame Ping: But he told me then that if someone should come to borrow that bell, I should not be loath to part with it.
Madame Ping: It has been many years, and who knows how many times someone has come to borrow this bell.
Madame Ping: Still, though I can't recall when it started, it's been a long time since anyone has come to borrow it.
Madame Ping: Ah, these old bones are so slow to look for things. I doubt you can wait that long...
旅行者: We can look for it ourselves.
Paimon: That's right granny. We'll follow you back home, and search for it ourselves!
Paimon: And... Um, we can help with chores if you have any too!
Madame Ping: Alright, children, there is no need to worry. I didn't place the bell very faraway.
Paimon: Eh? Do you live near here, granny?Whoa, but this is Yujing Terrace. It’s gotta be expensive!
Madame Ping: Haha, an old lady like me can’t afford to buy a place in this city. See this ceramic teapot? My entire household is in (?)
Paimon: ...How does that work?
旅行者: It contains your house keys?
Madame Ping: Hohoho, youngsters. I simply mean that the bell is somewhere inside this teapot, and you are quite welcome to borrow it if you can find it.

Touch Madame Ping's teapot 
Search for the Cleansing Bell
Talk to Madame Ping
Madame Ping: Ho-ho, in and out in no time...You youngsters really are quick.
旅行者: Are you an adeptus, ma'am?
Madame Ping: An adeptus... I haven't heard anyone say those words in earnest for a longtime.
Madame Ping: As to whether I am one or not, child, surely you already understand?
Paimon: Ugh... Paimon kinda knows what you mean, but is also kinda confused. Are you really giving us the bell just like that Granny?
Paimon: Don't you think it's weird?Something's just happened to Rex Lapis, and then we come running up asking for it...
Madame Ping: Oh, don't be silly. Liyue Harbor has been through a great deal in its history. In that time, it has seen the departure of countless adepti.
Madame Ping: But no matter what, we have always performed the Rite of Parting first before any other matters.
Madame Ping: To cry "catch the murderer!" at the top of one's lungs, but ignore the Rite of Parting... That, to me, is what is wrong-headed.
Madame Ping: Now that you have come to borrow the bell, I guess that perhaps an old friend of mine has finally decided to take matters into their own hands.
Madame Ping: So, why would I be unwilling to lend you the bell?
旅行者: What if your friend doesn't return it?
Madame Ping: Oh? Well, if it came to that...Haha, they would find a certain old lady knocking at their door.
Madame Ping: We haven't met in a while anyway, it would be nice to share a drink and chat.
Madame Ping: Well, you must have things to do. Since you have the bell, you should return.
Madame Ping: Oh, and, do tell the person who sent you...
Madame Ping: ...that if they have time, they can come over for tea. I don't have much to offer, but you can always count on an old lady for a pot of tea.
Paimon: We will! Thanks, granny!

Put the perfume and Cleansing Bell in place
Zhongli: Indeed, this is the Cleansing Bell. Hmm, it's in good condition.
Zhongli: Let's place the perfume we've prepared inside.
旅行者: Do you know Madame Ping?
Zhongli: Of course. How would I know that the bell was with her, otherwise?
Paimon: That's suspicious! But if you don't want to talk about it, we won't pry.
Paimon: Oh, yes! That old granny asked us to tell you something.
Paimon: "If you have the time, you can come over for tea. I don't have much to offer, but you can always count on an old lady for a pot of tea."
Zhongli: Ha, that tone does not suit you. Still, her teapot is indeed very good. There are none better for brewing tea.
Zhongli: When a suitable time arrives, I'll bring a spot of fine tea and pay her a visit.
Paimon: So, what's the next step in our preparations?
Zhongli: Hmm... Next, we need to purchase kites.
Paimon: Ooh! Paimon loves kites! Are you taking us kite flying? Is this our break time?
Zhongli: Haha, no, no. Kites are children's toys, yes, but they also play various symbolic roles in Liyue's rituals.
Zhongli: I will explain it to you. But our next course of action should probably be to purchase the kites first.
Paimon: Oh, sure... curiouser and curiouser...