Zhongli's Treat
That Bubu Pharmacy trip turned into quite an exhilarating ride. (Okay, maybe not that exhilarating..In yet another remarkable twist, Zhongli has offered to treat you to dinner:

Wait until the appointed time (18:00 - 23:00)
Go to Third-Round Knockout
Sit next to Zhongli
Zhongli: Ah, you're here. There's no need to order, I've already done so.
Zhongli: “Third-Round Knockout” is not for lightweights, like those taverns in Mondstadt. Here, the owner does not take such unorthodox orders as fruit juice.
旅行者: So, does this mean I can order wine this time?
Zhongli: I ordered some wine-fermented sweet rice balls for you, if that counts.
旅行者: I guess I should have expected this...
lron Tongue Tian: ...If it is to your liking, dear customers, I shall continue the tale of Lady Ningguang's Jade Chamber.
Paimon: Hey, there's even a storyteller here! Great atmosphere.
Zhongli: Besides fine wine, the excellent ambience is the reason why this place is so well-loved.
Zhongli: But when I say ambience, I refer to a different sort from the one the Teyvat Travel Guide uses to judge other establishments.
Iron Tongue Tian: As you all know, high above the land of Liyue lies a pavilion in the clouds, a palace in the mist...
Iron Tongue Tian: What does it mean to have all-seeing eyes? This, my friends: Lady Ningguang's masterwork that bridges earth and sky.
Iron Tongue Tian: lmagine. The weather is clear, and you gaze down from the deck on the world below...
Iron Tongue Tian: Behold! The glorious sights of Liyue Harbor, stretching out far and wide!

Iron Tongue Tian grows animated as he broaches the topic of Tianquan Ningguang's palace in the sky, the Jade Chamber. All become fascinated by the Tianquan as he tells her tale of ultra-secretive scheming and (?) 
Iron Tongue Tian: These are but scraps of paper, and yet they guide Lady Ningguang's hand - such is their value.
Iron Tongue Tian: Merely grasping one or two of them will surely gift you a fragment of her wisdom - enough to stay a step or two ahead of your peers.
Paimon: Tianquan Ningguang... feels like we're hearing this name a lot.
Paimon: Liyue locals talk about her, the Fatui hate her, she's most likely the one who hid the Exuvia, and we saw her at the Rite of Descension...
Paimon: Huh, Paimon wonders what sort of person she is.
???: At last, I have found you, you who returned from Jueyun Karst.
Paimon: Who's there!?
旅行者: Paimon, we gotta go... .
???: Wait! I am not with the Millelith, nor am here to claim your bounty.
Ganyu: However, I am an emissary of the Liyue Qixing. My name is Ganyu, secretary at the Yuehai Pavilion, and I have come specifically to meet you.
旅行者: Emissary?
Ganyu: Well, in concrete terms, I am the corporate secretary for the Qixing. At the moment, I am serving as Lady Ningguang's special emissary.
Paimon: Ningguang sent you? We were literally just talking about her...
Ganyu: My apologies, you who have returned from Jueyun Karst... I am duty-bound, and cannot extend my courtesy to you in full.
Ganyu: But I have with me a letter from Lady Ningguang. She extends a formal invitation toyou in her capacity as Tianquan.
Ganyu: She invites you to her palace in the sky
Paimon: An official invitation...?
Ganyu: Lady Ningguang said this:
Ganyu: "Invite him to come here.
Ganyu: "I wish to meet him.
Ganyu: "At the Jade Chamber, together, we shall snip every one of these entwining dark threads."
Paimon: And with that, the emissary who called herself Ganyu just disappeared...
Paimon: But we've received an invitation from the Liyue Qixing. Paimon still can't believe it!
Paimon: 旅行者! We'll be meeting people that have way more money than Paimon could ever count... We should be on our best manners.
旅行者: I always mind my manners.
Zhongli: Hah... An invitation to visit the Jade Chamber is a rare honor, indeed.
Zhongli: You'd best be on your way now. But don't forget about the Rite of Parting. Once you've finished at the Jade Chamber, meet meat Dihua Marsh.