Turning Point
The adepti faced off against the Qixing outside the city. Just as things were coming to a head, you went to the Golden House to intercept Childe as he attempted to seize the Gnosis, only to find yet another twist: The Gnosis was never at the Golden House to begin with. Childe swiftly switched to his backup plan, attempting to force the Geo Archon to make an appearance by summoning an ancient god with Fatui-forged Sigils of Permission...

Repel the ancient god together
Paimon: *panting* Paimon's exhausted...
Paimon: If we hadn't happened to see the Jade Chamber flying over just as we came out of the Golden House, we really wouldn't have known which way to go...
Paimon: Whew, did we make it in time? Is the Overlord of the Vortex still in the sea? It hasn't destroyed Liyue yet, has it?
Xiao: What... are you doing here?
Paimon: Huh... Hold on! It's the adepti! What are you doing on the Jade Chamber? Paimon thought you were arguing with the Qixing... Is the fighting over?
Ningguang: Faced with a calamity of such magnitude, we have agreed to put our differences aside for now and unite against this common enemy.
Moon Carver: Hmph!
Paimon: Oh, Paimon gets it... So, how do you plan to defend Liyue?
Paimon: Uhh... just seeing this Overlord of the Vortex guy puts a pit in Paimon's tummy, even from all the way out here.
Keqing: It's not just you. We've got new Millelith recruits who can't even stand at attention without shaking. The force of an ancient god's presence seems to be too much for ordinary people to handle.
Keqing: ...Which is why we must stop that monster before it gets any closer to Liyue Harbor!
Paimon: So the Archon War was fought two thousand years ago against enemies like that thing? Now that's scary...
Xiao: ...
Paimon: So will the power of the Qixing Millelith, and Adepti gathered here be enough to stop that god?
Ningguang: We've already discussed this together, and our conclusion is... not necessarily.
Paimon: What!? But all of you are supposed to be the guardians of Liyue. Can't you think of something?
Cloud Retainer: One certainly could.
Paimon: Eh?
Cloud Retainer: The Qixing did once research the matter of the Guizhong Ballista when it piqued their fancy.
Cloud Retainer: And as fate would have it, one.who did craft the Guizhong Ballista with one's own hands, is here...
Cloud Retainer: For what could you mortals ever learn of adepti mechanisms? Yet it would take one but a little tinkering to turn this ballista into an engine of war beyond your wildest thoughts.
Ningguang: Heh, I suppose this is one blessing from the adepti that we should be thankful
Ningguang: So be it. We shall use the upgraded Guizhong Ballista to fight off that god. All the adepti here can lend their strength to man it.
Ningguang: We haven't a moment to spare. Our battle begins now.

Faced with the terrifying might of the Overlord of the Vortex, you fight bitterly but are ultimately unable to protect the Guizhong Ballistas. The Overlord of the Vortex,however, is also badly wounded. To protect Liyue, Ningguang sacrifices the Jade Chamber, plunging it into the ocean and successfully suppressing the evil god.

(supplementary CG)
Paimon: The Fatui! They're attacking the Guizhong Ballista!
Millelith Soldier: The three adepti are manning the Guizhong Ballistas. Do not let the Fatui disturb their work!
Ningguang: All able Millelith, with me!
Paimon: Let's go help too!
Cloud Retainer: We adepti have not faced a god in several millennia. Hmph. Let one see what you are made of then. What strength remains within you, one wishes to witness!

Paimon: What is that?
Xiao: That is Osial's divine power. I am...very familiar with it. Be careful not to get hit.
Millelith Soldier: The Fatui... their attacks are unrelenting!
Ningguang: Ha, how daring. Snezhnaya's diplomats will answer for this afterward. Every last one.
Paimon: The ancient god's attacking again! There are so many Fatui, too! We can't hold--
Madame Ping: Hahaha, were you about to say "we can't hold them," children?
Paimon: Huh?
Madame Ping: Don't lose heart. Here, take this.
Paimon: This is ... adeptal energy!?
Paimon: ÂÃÐÐÕß£¬that light from your body... It's like that time in Jueyun Karst...
Paimon: Wow, it's Madame Ping's Shockwave! This granny's really strong!
Ganyu: With the blood of the Qilin, I guard you against evil. Cast your fear of injury by the wayside and fight with all your might. I too did this during the Archon War.
Paimon: Huh... So this is what Ganyu's like in a fight...
Xiao: My name means "swiftness." Take my power, and run as I do.
Paimon: We're--going--too--faaaaast--!
Madame Ping: Child, you are strong in body and spirit. Perhaps you can withstand three forms of adeptal energy at once...
Ganyu: This will hurt a little... Please bear with us!
Xiao: Once you've adapted, try to use them in battle.
Ganyu: Exercise caution! I fear that the god's power has reached its peak...
Keqing: In other words, if we hold here, there's nothing worse to come, right?
Keqing: The Fatui's numbers are thinning!
Millelith Soldier: Fight on, comrades! Once we've finished this lot off, the adepti will be able to deal with the god in peace!

Moon Carver: The interlopers are no more. Now we may commit ourselves fully!
Paimon: Ah, it's working! We just need to keep this up!

Xiao: Be careful now.
Cloud Retainer: The Guizhong Ballista is destroyed... Without its covering fire, retaliation shall be difficult.
Ganyu: But the Jade Chamber is our last line of defense! We can't give another inch... no matter what...
Ningguang:  I have... another idea.
Ganyu: What do you mean, Lady Ningguang?
Ningguang: I'll sacrifice the Jade Chamber.
Cloud Retainer: What is the meaning of this?
Xiao: ...I understand.
Ningguang: Traveler, lend me a hand.
Ningguang: Farewell, old friend...Goodbye for now. Let us meet again in the future.