Shifting Earth and Lost Threads Come to Light
The evidence at the mining site suggests that the miners followed the road north. You follow the trail, gradually closing in on them.
◆Head to Lingju Pass to investigate
◆Look for more clues in the area
Paimon: Hey! Footprints!
Zhongli: It would appear that they made their way through Lingju Pass and kept moving.
Paimon: If we follow their footprints, we should be able to find where they went!
◆Follow the footprints
Paimon: Oh no! The footprints end here!
Zhongli: We should inquire with anyone nearby. If the miners came through here, they may well have seen them.
◆Ask people nearby for information
Paimon: Hi there, have you seen anyone dressed like a miner around here?
Yonggui: A miner? I'm afraid not.
Paimon: *sigh* Let's try someone else.
◆Ask people nearby for information
Paimon: Hello! Have you seen any miners nearby? About this tall - four of them?
Wei: Stop bothering me! Can't you see I'm cloud-watching?
Paimon: Geez! A little grumpy, aren't we?
Paimon: Whatever, let's go ask someone else.
◆Ask people nearby for information
Paimon: Hey there, seen any miners?
Ling: ...lt must have been about four or five days ago. There were a few men who came through here carrying baskets and picks... I guess that could have been them?
Paimon: Yeah! That's them !
Zhongli: Four or five days ago? lt appears that they were moving slower than we'd anticipated. Traversing the geography of Lingju Pass must have held them up.
Ling: It was so strange! Four big guys with lifeless expressions... It was like they were in some sort of trance! And there was a child staggering in front of them...
Zhongli: Huh, this child... Did you see what they look like?
Ling: I caught a glimpse... blue hair, short. I think... I think it was a girl! She wasn't smiling, in fact she looked very serious.
Zhongli: And they took this road?
Ling: Yes, they followed it straight from here.
Paimon: Let's go after them!
◆Follow the road and keep up the pursuit
Paimon: More footprints...*gasp* There's a person over there!
???: Help! Please, save me!
Paimon: Is that one of the people we're looking for? Oh! Rescue first, ask questions later!
◆Save the ambushed scholar
◆Talk to the scholar
Wanyu: Those monsters were so aggressive - they must have noticed me walking through! Before I knew it they were all over me... Thank you all forsaving me.
Wanyu: My name is Wanyu, I belong to Liyue's Shenglu Hall. I head up ourhuman culture and civilization research.
Paimon: Huh? You sure you're not... a miner?
Wanyu: A miner?
Paimon: Yeah. We're looking for a group of four strong fellas carrying mining equipment.
Wanyu: I... I think I saw those people.
Paimon: Really!?
Wanyu: Yes. I set off from Nantianmen the day before yesterday headingfor Lingju Pass. About halfway there I came across some people - a fewmen and a child.
旅行者: Can you be a bit more specific?
Wanyu: I was in a hurry, I didn't get a good look, I'm afraid I'm not even sure what they looked like... apologies.
Zhongli: I think that's all we needed to hear. Thank you.
Wanyu: I hope it's useful to you!
Wanyu: I'd better get going, there's a conference I need to attend. Again,thank you all for your help.
Paimon: According to this scholar, the miners were heading for Nantianmen.
Kun Jun: Can we be absolutely sure that it was the men that we're looking for?
Paimon: A child with a group of adults! Sounds pretty close to Paimon!
旅行者: It could easily have been a different group
Paimon: Uh... but...
Kun Jun: Hey, perhaps that rock over there can tell us more !
Paimon: Aha! Paimon nearly forgot about our secret weapon!
Kun Jun: It looks promising, I'll do my best.
Kun Jun: Hmm...
Kun Jun: ...
Kun Jun: It's the same group alright. They followed this road.
Zhongli: Haha, Mr. Kun Jun, your stone-seeing is something I won't forget in a hurry.
Kun Jun: I suppose it is an asset, though I rarely find a use for it. But praise from Mr. Zhongli is high praise indeed.
Paimon: It's a good thing we brought our "Kun Jun compass" along! We would've lost all sense of direction a long time ago.
Kun Jun: Hahaha, you think so? I guess it's been a worthwhile trip then.
Kun Jun: It feels like... like we're cracking a criminal case. It's a lot of fun.
Zhongli: Be that as it may, we would do well to keep our guards high.
Zhongli: Four fully-grown men in a trance-like state... walking ceaselessly day and night... over hills and mountains... led by a child... This is noordinary incident.
Kun Jun: Oh! You're quite right, Mr. Zhongli. We should have our wits aboutus.
Zhongli: That's not all. Our scholar was attacked by Geovishap Hatchlings, but the level of aggression they exhibited was... unusual.
Zhongli: We have encountered many clues along the way. So far they've pointed us in the right direction.
Zhongli: Hmm, the miners headed in the direction of Nantianmen the daybefore yesterday. From here they would have had to navigate a perilousmountain road. If their destination is indeed Nantianmen, we should be ableto catch up with them.
Paimon: Great! No time to lose !
Zhongli: I left a mark in the vicinity just now. If Uncle Dai does passthrough here, it should guide him to us.
Paimon: Clever thinking! A classic Zhongli move.
Head to Nantianmen and look for clues
Paimon:
Kun Jun: There's a basket lying here too... This must be one of the miners.
Paimon: Hey! Hello? Can you hear us?
Zhongli: Judging by his appearance, he must have collapsed from exhaustion.
Paimon: Should we wake him up?
Miner: I can... I can still dig...
Paimon: *gasp* Sounds like he's whispering something...
旅行者: He looks like he's struggling...
Zhongli: It seems that he thinks he still has work to do. Something's notright.
Zhongli: There's a camp nearby. We should take him there and monitor hiscondition before deciding our next move.
Take the miner to a nearby camp to rest
Zhongli: ...
Paimon: How is he? H-He won't die, right?
Zhongli: He's worked himself into a stupor. Thankfully, he's not in serious danger.
旅行者: How.did he get so exhausted?
Paimon: Paimon heard him talking about digging for something. Did he dighimself into this state?
Zhongli: It's certainly a possibility.
旅行者: Strange...
Kun Jun: Hm? It looks like there's something in his pocket...
Kun Jun: Are these... ore fragments?
Kun Jun: ...
Kun Jun: I just witnessed the memories within these ore fragments. This person brought these fragments out of the mine. He's one of the four thatwe're searching for.
Zhongli: How he came to be here is what we need to understand.
Paimon: So he was kidnapped, and then... abandoned here...
Paimon: But if they didn't need him, why bring him all the way out here?
Zhongli: Unless something happened... something that led him to fall behind.
Paimon: Ugh...
Paimon: Paimon's had enough! This is too mysterious!
Kun Jun: Oh! Wait a moment! Seeing these fragments has jogged my memory I have something for you.
Paimon: What is it? Ooh! Is it a present?
Zhongli: Something... for us?
Kun Jun: As I mentioned, before I met Uncle Dai I was in a daze. Aftersetting out with you on this case, it feels like a fog is lifting.
Kun Jun: I was so happy when Uncle Dai enlisted you to help. I would neverhave managed to track down these clues by myself.
Kun Jun: These are some crystals that I bought from the market. Not any oldcrystals mind you - this purity is extraordinarily rare! One for each ofyou. A memory, if you will.
Paimon: It's beautiful... Oh -- and the colors change as you turn it! It's like adifferent crystal from each angle.
旅行者: Looks expensive...
Kun Jun: But of course, take it.
Kun Jun: And this one is for Mr. Zhongli.
Zhongli: ...
Kun Jun: Huh? ls something wrong? Not to your liking?
Zhongli: On the contrary... I just hadn't anticipated receiving a gift duringthe current circumstances.
Zhongli: But, thank you. I will take good care of it.
Kun Jun: I'm pleased you like them. It's nice to be able to give a gift thatothers can appreciate.
Kun Jun: Oh! I see more rocks over there, You should all get some rest, I'mgoing to walk awhile - perhaps there are more memories to uncover.
Paimon: You sure like rocks, huh Kun Jun...
Kun Jun: Ores are the crystals of the earth, the sediment of time itself. I feel at peace among them.
Kun Jun: Get some rest, and call me when you're ready to set off. I won't befar.
旅行者: He'll be okay on his own, right?
Zhongli: Rest easy, I surveyed the area. There's no danger here.
Zhongli: Oh, however, there is something I wanted to discuss with you.
Paimon: Huh? What's with the seriousness all of a sudden?
Zhongli: Traveler... Does Dragonfall mean anything to you?
旅行者: No.
Paimon: You mean the ore that Kun Jun's looking for? What's so specialabout it?
Zhongli: Dragonfall is an incredibly rare ore used in forging. The majorityof regular crystals are formed in high-temperature environments.Dragonfall, on the other hand, is formed as a product of elemental
Paimon: Elemental reactions can produce material objects?
Zhongli: Indeed they can. However, only a minority can survive for long periods of time.
Zhongli: Dragonfall first emerged in the midst of a great battle, thousandsof years ago. Powerful clashes of elemental energy gave birth to elementalcrystals. When the fighting ceased, these geological remnants weremiraculously preserved.
Paimon: Cooool...
Zhongli: And yet they are crystal creations all the same, few and farbetween, relatively unknown. A few hundred years ago, they were virtuallymined into obscurity.
Zhongli: Why is it then, that a citizen of Liyue now wishes to strike uponore that has long since vanished from the earth?
Paimon: Yeah! If he knows of its existence, surely he knows all of it'salready been mined?
Paimon: Weird... Paimon doesn't get it...
Zhongli: There are those in the mining trade who retain a keen interest inDragonfall. But for someone like Mr. Kun Jun... whose motivations forseeking it are unclear even unto himself... it's practically unheard-of
旅行者: Perhaps he has ulterior motives.
Paimon: Ulterior motives... *gasp* Is he a villain!?
Zhongli: A conclusion that is presently impossible to reach. We mustwatch... and wait.
Zhongli: Don't forget, rescuing those miners is the primary objective. As foranything else... Sooner or later the tide will reveal the lie of the land.
Zhongli: We're drawing closer to our goal. I believe we should continue tofollow this road through. Now that we've found one, the others won't be far away.
Zhongli: When you're well-rested, call Mr, Kun lun over to us. We still havemore investigation ahead.
Zhongli: We should ensure this miner is settled here at the camp. Once we've brought this matter to a close, we can return and attend to him. Isuggest we leave a note for Uncle Dai. If he does find the camp he'll know what to do.
